feat(modeler/element-templates): add details for `deprecated` property (#7214)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/element-templates/template-metadata.md

## Deprecating a template: `deprecated`

- `deprecated` is an optional key

> Use `deprecated` to mark a [template as deprecated](https://github.com/bpmn-io/element-templates/blob/main/docs/LIFE_CYCLE.md#deprecation), preventing future use. Existing uses of the template will show a deprecation warning.

Author: Incorporated via https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/pull/7214/commits/0c2a2809dea51b25bafdc4c2438f64625477f0ee.

The `deprecated` property can be an object with the following attributes:

- `message: String`: A message to display to the user

> - `documentationRef : String`: A link to documentation, i.e. to describe upgrade migration procedures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `documentationRef : String`: A link to documentation, i.e., to describe upgrade migration procedures
```
(Per our style guide, we need a comma after `i.e.` and `e.g.`)

A template deprecated this way allows users to make sense of the deprecation, and understand how to migrate:

```json
{
  ...,
  "deprecated": {
    "message": "Migrate to My Other Custom Task",
    "documentationRef": "https://localhost/migrate-to-other"
  },
  ...
}
```

> Alternatively, the property `deprecated` can be a boolean (`true`). This will show a deprecation hint without further help for the user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `deprecated` is a boolean (`true`), a deprecation hint appears in the properties panel without further help for the user:
```

## Deprecating a template: `deprecated`

> - `deprecated` is an optional key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deprecated` is an optional key.
```

(For consistency with the other keys on the page.)
